Alex Frias (frias@seas.upenn.edu)
Alex Peckman (apeckman@seas.upenn.edu)
Group Name: Alex^2

Summary:
Our project is a scheduling app. It takes in a list of people looking
to take certain classes and each person's list of preferences
over the list of classes as arguments. The app takes this list of student and 
their preferences and using, the Top Trading Cycles algorithms, outputs 
the socially optimal list of classes and which students are in them. 
It can also be generalized take in any list of activites and people 
wanting to participate in them, and compute the socially optimal matching. 

Description:
The program will prompt the user for a list of activities, and a list 
of students, each with a list of preferences over the list of activites. 
It will also prompt the user to see which output style the user wants. 
If the input is not valid, the program will output a usage statement.
Otherwise, the program will take in the inputs and compute the socially 
optimal list. The program output either a list of students and the 
classes they are in, the list of classes with all of the students in 
them, or both, depending on what the user prompted at the beginning of 
the program. Additionally, the user will have the option of inputting 
prefereneces that the classes have (such as if the professor has 
preferences over which students are in his class, based on things such as 
graduation year, GPA, etc.). This will enable the program to either compute 
the optimal matching for either the students or the professors of the 
classes, but not both, due to the nature of the Top Trading Algorithm. 
This feature, for example, could make it more difficult for students in 
certain grades or students with certain GPAs to enroll in more advanced courses. 

Tasks:
1. Design and implement the matching algorithm (Alex F.)
2. Design and implement the underlying class components (Alex P.)
3. Design and implement the user-interface (Alex F.)
4. Debug and optimize (Both)

Alpha goals:
1. Have the matching algorithm implemented
2. Have the class components and user-interface designed
